README.md, before:

# Netflix-GPT

-Create React App
-Configured TailwindCSS
-Header
-Routing of App
-Login Form
-SignUp Form
-Form Validation
-Firebase setup
-Deployment of app for production
-Creating Sign Up User Account
-Implement Sign In  user API
-Create Redux store for userSlice
-update Profile
-Implement Sign Out User
-BugFix:if user not logged in Redirect /browse to login page and vice-versa
-Unsubscribed to the onAuthStateChanged callback
-Add hardcodedd values to the constants file
-Register TMDB API & create an app & get access token
-Get Data from TMDB now playing movies list API
-Custom Hook for now playing video
-Create movieslice
-Update store with movie data
-Planning for MainContainer & SecondaryContainer
-Fetch Data for Trailer Video
-Update store with trailer video
-Embeded the Youtube video and make it autoplay

# Features
-Login/Sign Up
    -Sign In / Sign Up Form
    -redirect to Browse Page
-Browse (after authentication)
    -Header
    -Main Movie
        -Tailer in Background
        -Title & Description
        -MovieSuggestions
            -MovieLists * N
-NetflixGPT
    -Search Bar
    -Movie Suggestions
    -"@babel/plugin-proposal-private-property-in-object"

Commit message:

"Building the GPT-Search Page"

README.md, after:

# Netflix-GPT

-Create React App
-Configured TailwindCSS
-Header
-Routing of App
-Login Form
-SignUp Form
-Form Validation
-Firebase setup
-Deployment of app for production
-Creating Sign Up User Account
-Implement Sign In  user API
-Create Redux store for userSlice
-update Profile
-Implement Sign Out User
-BugFix:if user not logged in Redirect /browse to login page and vice-versa
-Unsubscribed to the onAuthStateChanged callback
-Add hardcodedd values to the constants file
-Register TMDB API & create an app & get access token
-Get Data from TMDB now playing movies list API
-Custom Hook for now playing video
-Create movieslice
-Update store with movie data
-Planning for MainContainer & SecondaryContainer
-Fetch Data for Trailer Video
-Update store with trailer video
-Embeded the Youtube video and make it autoplay
-Display the movie cards and tvShows cards in the each page
-randomly picking the display video
-GPT-Search Page
-GPT sarch bar
-Making the GPT-Search Page Multi-Language content Page

# Features
-Login/Sign Up
    -Sign In / Sign Up Form
    -redirect to Browse Page
-Browse (after authentication)
    -Header
    -Main Movie
        -Tailer in Background
        -Title & Description
        -MovieSuggestions
            -MovieLists * N
-NetflixGPT
    -Search Bar
    -Movie Suggestions
    -"@babel/plugin-proposal-private-property-in-object"
